added back to top link to liveBlogPost (#621)
Financial-Times/x-dash: components/x-live-blog-post/readme.md

`publishedTimestamp`| String | Deprecated - ISO timestamp of publish date
`articleUrl`        | String | Url of the main article that includes this post
`showShareButtons`  | Bool   | default: `false` - Shows social media share buttons when `true`

> `backToTop`  		| Function | String   | Shows the back to top link at the bottom of posts and manages navigating to `selected top` with a javascript function or a hashed href. Please call event.preventDefault() at the top level if this prop is a function. If prop is a string, add the string as the `id` to the element that represents the top.

Reviewer: **Minor improvements:** Looks like the indentation is slight off here also some small improvements to the setence structure to help keep it clear.

```suggestion
`backToTop`                | String | Function   | Shows the back to top link at the bottom of posts and manages navigating to `selected top` with a javascript function or a hashed href (string). If this prop is a string it will rely on standard browser behaviour to navigate to the element `id` provided that represents the top. If this prop is a function then that function should control the experience of navigating/scrolling to the top position. When using a function please call event.preventDefault() at the top level.
```

`publishedTimestamp`| String | Deprecated - ISO timestamp of publish date
`articleUrl`        | String | Url of the main article that includes this post
`showShareButtons`  | Bool   | default: `false` - Shows social media share buttons when `true`
`topRef`  			| String   | Shows the back to top link at the bottom of posts and navigates to the hashed section of the page. No defaults, example `#top`

> `backToTop`  		| Function   | Shows the back to top link at the bottom of posts and manages navigating to `selected top` with a javascript function. No defaults. Only pass in `topRef` or `backToTop` props to the component. Please call event.preventDefault() at the top level of this function.

Reviewer: **Question:** Are there reasons why we have decided to make this a function (maybe something in the app?) rather than just allowing the browser to handle the navigating to the top hash location?

Reviewer: Sorry - I just remembered you mentioned this in the PR description (I forgot whilst reading code)

Reviewer: **Question:** Is there a requirement for 2 type of behaviour at this stage?

**Feedback:** I am not sure the options (`topRef ` & `backToTop `) are obvious that they related bit provide different functionality. I think it might be nicer to make this clearer if we really need more sets of functionality

Author: In terms of the browser controls scrolling to the top, I assumed that in itself may be the best user experience. Since the function is going to be defined by the consumer, I figured it wasn't much work to add a callback function as well. Also a thing Olga may appreciate too.

For the names, it's difficult to tell without reading the docs. So I'll try `backToTopRef` and `backToTopFunction`. That should give more context.

Reviewer: That sounds reasonable - I just always question building features that may never get used. If they are not used its just extra functionality to have. I agree it might be nicer to let apps manage the scroll and I think in the app (might be wrong) that might have some other benefits about keeping that position which is why we are building this.

This is just a suggestion so feel free to ignore it. What if we just had 1 option called `backToTop`but could accept either a function or a string? I think this might make the docs clearer that theres a single back to top option but if you want to manage scrolling yourself you pass it a function instead of a string.

From reading the docs as they are right now I at first thought to get back to top functionality I needed to pass in both `topRef` & `backToTop`

Author: Agreed. It's a robust solution. I'll change the implementation. Thanks this helps a lot.
